Update file (#309)
yiisoft/active-record: README.md

- [Internals](docs/internals.md)

If you need help or have a question, the [Yii Forum](https://forum.yiiframework.com/c/yii-3-0/63) is a good place for that.
You may also check out other [Yii Community Resources](https://www.yiiframework.com/community).

## License

> The Yii ActiveRecord Library is free software. It is released under the terms of the BSD License.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Yii Active Record Library is free software. It is released under the terms of the BSD License.
```
